vhost: Fix broken link in vhost/README.md (#305)
rust-vmm/vhost: vhost/README.md

vhost drivers, such as vhost-net, vhost-scsi and vhost-vsock etc.

## vHost-user Backend Drivers

> The [vhost-user protocol](https://qemu-project.gitlab.io/qemu/interop/vhost-user.html#communication) aims to implement vhost backend drivers in

Reviewer: Wouldn't the QEMU website be the best place to link to?

```suggestion
The [vhost-user protocol](https://www.qemu.org/docs/master/interop/vhost-user.html#communication) aims to implement vhost backend drivers in
```
